every time I do a video on a laptop it
doesn't matter which one I'm doing
there's gonna be someone in the comments
it's like you two --have laptop X sucks
you should buy a laptop why and when we
do a video and laptop why there's
someone else in the comments is like
don't buy laptop why because it's
terrible it has issues buy a laptop Z so
the truth is every single brand every
single laptop has the potential for some
issues and it doesn't mean that if you
buy that brand or if you buy that laptop
every single device has those issues
they have the possibility of having some
issues so I'm gonna go through some of
these laptops these are some more
popular thin and light ones and I'm
gonna talk about things that they're
kind of known for like problems that
they're known for so things to kind of
look out for and also I'll kind of get
into how to get around those problems
should you run into them ok first up are
the Dell XPS 13 devices these are both
the 2019 models the black one and then
the white one these are very popular
13-inch laptops and they are known for
coil whine if you don't know what
coralline is it is this high pitched
sound that comes from these devices from
electromagnetic activity like it's a
it's a current that's running through an
electromagnetic coil and it can
sometimes give off a sound and for some
people it's annoying some people they
don't mind it and some people just
straight-up can't hear the sound
depending on the frequency but these
devices are known for it now I've gotten
tons of review units of these devices
over the years and I've actually had
only one unit that had choral whine of
like I want to say seven eight units so
I don't know how frequently it occurs
but it is a thing if you go on forums
you go and read it it's it is a thing so
if you can XPS their team that is
something definitely to look out for but
aside from the coil one issue I don't
think there's anything specific to the
XPS 13 devices that are things to really
look out for when you get one next up is
the Razer Blade stealth this is a device
that aside from its price very expensive
but it's more common issue is the fact
that the AC adapter can sometimes not
power the device while it's being used
heavily so if you're playing a game if
you're running something very heavy on
the system the AC adapter isn't strong
enough to juice it up it'll actually
drain batteries while it's plugged in
now they tried to dress it with a bios
earlier this year but from what I've
seen it doesn't affect it doesn't fix it
for a lot of people so that's something
you want to test when you get your
system early on just to see if you have
it but that's really all the issues that
I've really noticed with the razor blade
stealth next up Lenovo x1 carbon this is
the 2018 model they have a 2019 coming
out relatively soon which I'm stoked for
but this is a device that I did not
review and here's why I like the x1
carbon a lot it's actually one of my
favorite thin and light laptops but
there is a crazy amount of variation in
this product so I've received 2 review
units and I've seen two of these devices
that my colleagues have purchased and
they're all different from each other
like the finish is different between
them and the keyboard
Lenovo's keyboards are some of the best
in the business maybe the best in the
business yet sometimes the keyboards
have like differences in how they feel
between the same model so if you
purchase one and you have what you think
may be a bunk keyboard get that resolved
okay next up kua weighs meat books so
this is the maple 13 if you're deciding
between a mate book 13 nm8 book Pro X I
recommend 13 this year the issue with
these guys aside from their kind of
shaky history with spyware and all that
crap they have some devices that are
just really wobbly on the trackpad and
other devices that are less so but again
it's something you should look out for
and you get resolved or replaced if you
can right when you get the device but
aside from that trackpad issue I feel
like this is a pretty solid overall
device when it comes to that Hardware
ASIS I wouldn't say that there's
anything that they're known for if
anything these products the issues that
pop up with ASUS devices tend to occur
later on in the life of the laptop they
don't seem to happen right when you get
the device so it might be an issue with
power delivery but for the most part
these are not that they're immune to
issues is that they just don't seem to
pop up right in the beginning that's
kind of a good thing or bad thing
depending on how you look at it so the
last is the MacBook I've done a bunch of
videos on these but because they're so
thin they have issues with the keyboard
this year thermal issues but the
keyboard is the thing you're really
looking out for if you have issues with
a keyboard right when you get the device
you should get that resolved as soon as
you can
surprisingly though in terms of
consistency Apple has it the best like
any of these other devices it's kind of
hit or miss like you might have
something great you might have a lemon
and you'll have to deal with that with
apples products you know what you're
getting they all have that risk of
having the wonky keyboard they all have
the thermal limitations but at least
you're getting consistency right out of
the box now those are some specific
issues that are more well known about
these particular devices but I want to
talk about some things on more general
like when you get a device things to
look at for the first one kind of like
the XPS device is coil wine it is
something that can occur on any one of
these it's more prominent in the XPS 13
devices but any one these devices can
have a Coraline issue where you're
hearing that high pitch like the
mosquito sound if you have that issue
get that resolved too right when you get
the device and then I guess another
thing to look at for is backlight bleed
or any kind of like panel deficiencies
when you open up your screen in a very
dark room and have a black wallpaper or
some kind of black scene and crank up
your brightness and sometimes you'll see
a glow around the edges of the screen
now a lot of these are IPS panels so
some degree of glow is normal but if
it's really pronounced you should
probably get that fixed or replace
repaired whatever but that's basically
it
coil wine and backlight bleed are proud
of two biggest things I'd say to look at
for when you get a brand new laptop so
in this video I kind of referred to
things like getting it resolved getting
it fixed and this is kind of the
takeaway that I'd like to leave with you
guys I think a lot of laptop companies
are gonna hate me for saying this but
when it comes to buying a laptop I
highly recommend not buying directly
from manufacturers and the reason being
like the main advantage of buying from a
manufacturer are well two things one is
price sometimes you'll get a better
price when you buy from directly from
the manufacturer but the other thing
that they can do is you can get the
device really early on in the product
cycles like when it first comes out
you'll be able to buy it from the
manufacturer first before you can buy it
from Amazon or the Microsoft Store or
anything where else so that's kind of
good but when it comes to issues when
you have a problem getting it resolved
through a manufacturer is always a
little bit more difficult than getting
it done through like Amazon or the
Microsoft Store or
costco or wherever else the only
exception to that I would say is the
Apple store they have a great return
policy everybody else you gotta fill out
forms jump through hoops talk to
representatives before you can get any
kind of exchange or return going on so
if you're in the market and you're
looking to buy one of these I just I
really recommend Amazon Microsoft Store
I think you guys will thank me later
because if something pops up you can get
it resolved a lot more readily so this
is why I think a lot of people think
that every laptop sucks because every
single one of these brands has the
chance of having something go wrong and
when people experience something and
they just see it firsthand they get
disappointed it's really easy to have
this opinion about a product that may or
may not be true but if you have a good
return policy and you kind of look out
for things when you first buy them you
can kind of avoid a lot of the issues
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time